add description for running testcontainers from docker (#110)
testcontainers/testcontainers-python: README.rst

More extensive documentation can be found at `Read The Docs <http://testcontainers-python.readthedocs.io/>`_.

Usage within Docker (i.e. in a CI)
----------------------------------

When trying to launch a testcontainer from within a Docker container two things have to be provided:

> 1. The container has to provide a docker client installation. Either use a container that has docker pre-installed (e.g. https://hub.docker.com/_/docker) or install the client from within the dockerfile specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The container has to provide a docker client installation. Either use an image that has docker pre-installed (e.g. the [official docker images](https://hub.docker.com/_/docker)) or install the client from within the `Dockerfile` specification.
```

> 2. Also, the container has to have access to a docker build daemon. For this mount the file /var/run/docker.sock in your docker run command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. The container has to have access to the docker daemon which can be achieved by mounting `/var/run/docker.sock` or setting the `DOCKER_HOST` environment variable as part of your `docker run` command.
```
